DataGrid - Getting Started: Add ASP.NET Core Overhaul (#8900)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/00 Getting Started with DataGrid/10 Customize Columns/3 Reorder Columns.md

#include common-tutorialbutton-named with { url: "/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Columns/Column_Reordering/", name: "Column Reordering" }

> To specify an initial column order, reorder [columns[]](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/columns '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/') items. Enable [allowColumnReordering](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/allowColumnReordering.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#allowColumnReordering') to allow column reordering in the component's UI.

Reviewer: How is reordering columns related to setting the initial column order? And where is it that you should reorder them?

Do you mean 

```suggestion
To set the initial column order, arrange items in the [columns[]](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/columns '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/') array in the order in which columns should appear. Enable [allowColumnReordering](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/allowColumnReordering.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#allowColumnReordering') to allow users to reorder columns in the component UI.
```

Author: That works, but I would like to suggest slightly simplifying the second half of the first sentence:
```suggestion
To set the initial column order, arrange items in the [columns[]](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/columns '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/') array as needed. Enable [allowColumnReordering](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/allowColumnReordering.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#allowColumnReordering') to allow users to reorder columns in the component UI.
```

Reviewer: Okay, that is fine
